# CleverCV-ProofOfConcept

Welcome to CleverCV! The goal of CleverCV is to leverage LLMs to improve your resume/CV; By training the GPT-4 model on modern best practices regarding resume's, CleverCV can help transform your resume from mediocre to competitive. Based on research into resume trends and hiring manager preferences, I've come to realize there exists common consesus on the XYZ method being a powerful way to strengthen your resume bullet points. This includes highlighting what you've accomplished (X) + the qualitative results (Y) + the skills or experience you utilized to achieve the outcome (Z). Another key component for improving resumes is to cut out extra verbiage -- let's be real here, recruiters do not want to read through paragraphs upon paragraphs in a single resume. Using CleverCV, users can get help in implementing these two notions in addition to many others, with the end goal of making you a stronger candidate!

The purpose of this repository is to store the proof of concept app I created for CleverCV. The end goal of CleverCV is to be a full-fledged flask app, with user-authentication and storage, including extra features such as custom cover letter creation, by combining both your resume and the job description. The initial hurdle for CleverCV though is the backend, which includes working with langchain and the OpenAI API. Rather than focusing on the front-end work for now, I plan on first figuring out all back-end tweaks, and using Streamlit to speeden up the front-end design processes. Hence, this repository contains the proof of concept app, where functionality is the goal over design and UI etc.
